fixes gh-1243 rewrite removing instances (#1255)
tarantool/doc: doc/book/replication/repl_remove_instances.rst

Removing instances
================================================================================

> Let's consider the following configured replica set with 3 instances

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's assume that we have the following configured replica set with 3 instances
```

      lsn: 0
      upstream:
         status: follow
         idle: 0.3533439999992
         peer: replicator@localhost:3302
         lag: 0.0001220703125
      downstream:
         status: stopped     -- status has changed:
         message: unexpected EOF when reading from socket, called on fd 13, aka [::1]:3301,
         peer of [::1]:53776
         system_message: Broken pipe
   3:
      id: 3
      uuid: bb362584-c265-4e53-aeb6-450ae818bf59
      lsn: 0
      upstream:
         status: follow
         idle: 0.35327999999936
         peer: replicator@localhost:3303
         lag: 0.00018095970153809
      downstream:
         status: follow
         idle: 0.68685100000221
         vclock: {1: 9}
   ...

**Step 2: disconnecting cluster from decommissioned instance**

On every other instance in the cluster remove *instance2* from 
``box.cfg{ replication }`` list and call appropriate
``box.cfg{ replication = {instance1, instance3} }``

.. code-block:: tarantoolsession

   tarantool> box.cfg{ replication = { 'instance1-uri', 'instance3-uri' } }

Take a look at ``box.info.replication`` on *instance2* to check that they were
disconnected.

> (Note the status ``stopped`` of ``replication.{1,3}.downstream``):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(notice that the status of ``replication.{1,3}.downstream`` is ``stopped``):
```

.. code-block:: tarantoolsession

   tarantool> box.info.replication
   ---
   - 1:
      id: 1
      uuid: db89978f-7115-4537-8417-9982bb5a256f
      lsn: 9
      downstream:
         status: stopped    -- status has changed
         message: unexpected EOF when reading from socket, called on fd 16, aka [::1]:3302,
         peer of [::1]:53832
         system_message: Broken pipe
   2:
      id: 2
      uuid: 0a756d14-e437-4296-85b0-d27a0621613e
      lsn: 0
   3:
      id: 3
      uuid: bb362584-c265-4e53-aeb6-450ae818bf59
      lsn: 0
      downstream:
         status: stopped    -- status has changed
         message: unexpected EOF when reading from socket, called on fd 18, aka [::1]:3302,
         peer of [::1]:53825
         system_message: Broken pipe
   ...

> Check also the *instance1* and the *instance3* 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check *instance1* and *instance3* as well 
```

> (Note the status ``stopped``of ``replication.2.upstream``):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(notice that the status of ``replication.2.upstream`` is ``stopped``):
```

.. code-block:: tarantoolsession

   -- instance1
   tarantool> box.info.replication
   ---
   - 1:
      id: 1
      uuid: db89978f-7115-4537-8417-9982bb5a256f
      lsn: 9
   2:
      id: 2
      uuid: 0a756d14-e437-4296-85b0-d27a0621613e
      lsn: 0
      downstream:
         status: stopped   -- status has changed
         message: unexpected EOF when reading from socket, called on fd 13, aka [::1]:3301,
         peer of [::1]:53776
         system_message: Broken pipe
   3:
      id: 3
      uuid: bb362584-c265-4e53-aeb6-450ae818bf59
      lsn: 0
      upstream:
         status: follow
         idle: 0.50240100000156
         peer: replicator@localhost:3303
         lag: 0.00015711784362793
      downstream:
         status: follow
         idle: 0.14237199999843
         vclock: {1: 9}
   ...

**Step 3: persistent removal**

> If the removed instance rejoins later, it will receive all the updates made

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a removed instance rejoins later, it will receive all the updates made
```

>  by other instances while it was disconnected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by the other instances while it was disconnected.
```

> If the instance is decommissioned forever, we should clean up ``_cluster`` space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an instance is decommissioned forever, we should clean up the ``_cluster`` space.
```

> First, discover ``id`` and ``uuid`` of the instance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, discover the ``id`` and ``uuid`` of the instance. 
```

> On *instance2* call ``return box.info.id, box.info.uuid``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On *instance2*, call ``return box.info.id, box.info.uuid``:
```

.. code-block:: tarantoolsession

   tarantool> return box.info.id, box.info.uuid
   ---
   - 2
   - '0a756d14-e437-4296-85b0-d27a0621613e'
   ...

Take a note of ``id`` and ``uuid``.

> Now choose any master from remaining cluster and perform the following on it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now choose any master from the remaining cluster and perform the following actions on it
```

> (let's consider it would be *instance1*):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(let's assume that we chose *instance1*):
```

> 1. Select `_cluster` space to take a look

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select all records from the `_cluster` space:
```

.. code-block:: tarantoolsession

   tarantool> box.space._cluster:select{}
   ---
   - - [1, 'db89978f-7115-4537-8417-9982bb5a256f']
   - [2, '0a756d14-e437-4296-85b0-d27a0621613e']
   - [3, 'bb362584-c265-4e53-aeb6-450ae818bf59']
   ...

> 2. Check if ``id`` and ``uuid`` of *intance2* are correct and remove them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Check if the ``id`` and ``uuid`` of *instance2* are correct and remove them
```

from the cluster:

.. code-block:: tarantoolsession

   tarantool> box.space._cluster:delete(2)
   ---
   - [2, '0a756d14-e437-4296-85b0-d27a0621613e']
   ...

**Final ckecks**

> Afrer all modifications, check ``box.info.replication`` for healthy status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After all modifications, say ``box.info.replication`` to check the health status.
```
